readme.md, before:

# Task Eater Manager

![Task Eater Manager banner](https://github.com/darellanodev/task-eater-manager/blob/main/img/github_readme/banner.png?raw=true)

An easy to-do task manager. For learning purposes using Typescript and Jest. _(THIS APPLICATION IS IN AN EARLY STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT)_

## Todo

- [x] singleton pattern to implement TodoList class
- [x] install json-server for simulating an API
- [ ] observer pattern for detect changes in TodoList
- [ ] mixing pattern to inject observer pattern in TodoList
- [ ] debouncing technique to search tasks or search projects (write a reusable function)
- [ ] setInterval to count down a timed task
- [ ] setTimeout to make an action (p.e. save task) with a cancel button
- [ ] setTimeout when the user delete a task with a cancel button
- [ ] message system with setTimeout to welcome the user

## Techniques applied

- TDD methodology when I can
- Vim plugin in VSCode to write code faster
- Patterns
  - Singleton for classes that only have one instance like TodoList
- Use of json-server for simulating an API

## Notes for VSCode

- You must activate Prettier and ESLint extension to auto format the code on save

Commit message:

create a notification that dissapears after a time

readme.md, after:

# Task Eater Manager

![Task Eater Manager banner](https://github.com/darellanodev/task-eater-manager/blob/main/img/github_readme/banner.png?raw=true)

An easy to-do task manager. For learning purposes using Typescript and Jest. _(THIS APPLICATION IS IN AN EARLY STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT)_

## Todo

- [x] singleton pattern to implement TodoList class
- [x] install json-server for simulating an API
- [x] create a notification using setTimeout
- [ ] mixing pattern to inject observer pattern in TodoList
- [ ] observer pattern for detect changes in TodoList
- [ ] setInterval to count down a timed task
- [ ] debouncing technique to search tasks or search projects (write a reusable function)
- [ ] setTimeout to make an action (p.e. save task) with a cancel button
- [ ] setTimeout when the user delete a task with a cancel button
- [ ] message system with setTimeout to welcome the user

## Techniques applied

- TDD methodology when I can
- Vim plugin in VSCode to write code faster
- Patterns
  - Singleton for classes that only have one instance like TodoList
- Use of json-server for simulating an API
- Use of setTimeout to make notifications

## Notes for VSCode

- You must activate Prettier and ESLint extension to auto format the code on save
